Here we briefly describe some people.  Please read each description and think about how much each person is or is not like you. Put an X in the box to the right that shows how much the person in the description is like you.
1. Thinking up new ideas and being creative is important to her. She likes to do things in her own original way.
2. It is important to her to be rich. She wants to have a lot of money and expensive things.
3. She thinks it is important that every person in the world be treated equally. She believes everyone should have equal opportunities in life.
4. It's very important to her to show her abilities. She wants people to admire what she does.
5. It is important to her to live in secure surroundings. She avoids anything that might endanger her safety.
6. She thinks it is important to do lots of different things in life. She always looks for new things to try.
7. She believes that people should do what they're told. She thinks people should follow rules at all times, even when no-one is watching.
8. It is important to her to listen to people who are different from her. Even when she disagrees with them, she still wants to understand them.
9. She thinks it's important not to ask for more than what you have. She believes that people should be satisfied with what they have.
10. She seeks every chance she can to have fun. It is important to her to do things that give her pleasure.
11. It is important to her to make her own decisions about what she does. She likes to be free to plan and to choose her activities for herself.
12. It's very important to her to help the people around her. She wants to care for their well-being.
13. Being very successful is important to her. She likes to impress other people.
14. It is very important to her that her country be safe. She thinks the state must be on watch against threats from within and without.
15. She likes to take risks. She is always looking for adventures.
16. It is important to her always to behave properly. She wants to avoid doing anything people would say is wrong.
17. It is important to her to be in charge and tell others what to do. She wants people to do what she says.
18. it is important to her to be loyal to her friends. She wants to devote herself to people close to her.
19. She strongly believes that people should care for nature. Looking after the environment is important to her.
20. Religious belief is important to herm. She tries hard to do what her religion requires.
21. It is important to her that things be organized and clean. She really does not like things to be a mess.
22. She thinks it's important to be interested in things. She likes to be curious and to try to understand all sorts of things.
23. She believes all the worlds’ people should live in harmony. Promoting peace among all groups in the world is important to her.
24. She thinks it is important to be ambitious. She wants to show how capable she is.
25. She thinks it is best to do things in traditional ways. It is important to her to keep up the customs she has learned.
26. Enjoying life’s pleasures is important to her. She likes to ‘spoil’ herself.
27. It is important to her to respond to the needs of others. She tries to support those she knows.
28. She believes she should always show respect to her parents and to older people. It is important to her to be obedient.
29. She wants everyone to be treated justly, even people she doesn’t know. It is important to her to protect the weak in society.
30. She likes surprises. It is important to her to have an exciting life.
31. She tries hard to avoid getting sick. Staying healthy is very important to her.
32. Getting ahead in life is important to her. She strives to do better than others.
33. Forgiving people who have hurt her is important to her. She tries to see what is good in them and not to hold a grudge.
34. It is important to her to be independent. She likes to rely on herself.
35. Having a stable government is important to her. She is concerned that the social order be protected.
36. It is important to her to be polite to other people all the time. She tries never to disturb or irritate others.
37. She really wants to enjoy life. Having a good time is very important to her.
38. It is important to her to be humble and modest. She tries not to draw attention to herself.
39. She always wants to be the one who makes the decisions. She likes to be the leader.
40. It is important to her to adapt to nature and to fit into it. She believes that people should not change nature.
